Add "A Brand New Remix" blog post and inline image lightbox (#449)
remix-run/remix-website: data/posts/brand-new.md

---
title: A Brand New Remix
summary: The thinking and intentionality behind our latest brand evolution, website, and what it says about the future of Remix.
date: 2026-05-04
authors:
  - Tim Quirino
image: /blog-images/headers/brand-new.jpg
ogImage: /blog-images/headers/brand-new.jpg
imageAlt: "Glowing blue particle-rendered Remix “R” logo on a black background."
imageDisableOverlay: true
---

Brands typically change to signal a shift in thinking or reflect a changing audience. Sometimes, it happens as a way to adapt to a different landscape. Some may see this as a way to align with current trends, but with a name like Remix, is it really that surprising that we would want to reinvent ourselves? Everything is rapidly evolving around us, and my goal as the designer on this team was to craft a new identity that would allow us to drive into the future.

## Context & Trigger

![Brand evolution board mapping Remix's Past, Present, and Future across three rows of context cards.](/blog-images/posts/brand-new/frames-brand-thinking.avif)

> Ultimately, the trigger — the moment we decided we needed a new brand — was when we established [our philosophy for building Remix 3](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/blob/main/README.md) and beyond.

Reviewer: I think we should link to the blog post instead of GitHub

```suggestion
Ultimately, the trigger — the moment we decided we needed a new brand — was when we established [our philosophy for building Remix 3](/blog/wake-up-remix) and beyond.
```

Author: Yep, sounds like a good change!

Building *with* the web rather than against it meant the shape of our work was more aerodynamic. Powerful single-purpose modules (or packages) seemed equivalent to precision parts. Since we've always valued the efficiency of lightweight and powerful architectural decisions, performance has always been a priority. The thematic analogy was clear. It was as if our engineering team was building all of the parts to create a new vehicle for building apps and websites. If we were a racing team, then Remix 3 was meant to be a race car, and every kind of builder would be the driver.

## Evolving the Logo

![Logo evolution board grouped into three rows: Evolving the Logo, Preserving the DNA, and Logo in use, showing wordmark explorations and applications.](/blog-images/posts/brand-new/frames-logo-evolution.avif)

> The new identity was meant to have a clear lineage from its predecessor, and it came quite naturally as we were putting together the [demo for last year's Remix Jam](https://remix.run/jam/2025/gallery?photo=46). Customizing letterforms from the Kanada typeface also seemed like a nice reference to our parent company's Canadian roots. Speaking of which, this was the first substantial shift in the brand since Remix joined Shopify, so I felt that it was necessary for the two brands to work together in harmony. Our racing theme already nudged the logo and wordmark into an italicized direction, so this worked in our favor.

Reviewer: Worth linking to Kanada typeface?
